A: Compressor
System A consists of one air compressor and a belt driver. The compressor works like a combustion engine where air enters through the inlet of the compressor and
is pressurized, then exits through the outlet of the compressor at a higher speed. 
The flow rate of the compressor becomes steady when the pressure inside the compressor is stabilized. 
The belt driver converts electrical energy to kinetic energy delivering to the compressor.
The work done on the system is negative because the volume decreases when the air leaves the compressor.

B: Heat Exchanger
System B refers to a heat exchanger. When the air from the air compressor enters the heat exchanger, heat energy is transferred 
from the hotter region to the cooler region(cooling hair) while hot air lines flow next to the cool water pipe. The water entered
the exchanger exits the heat exchanger along with the water outlet of the exchanger. There are two types of motion flow of fluid which 
are parallel flow and counterflow. When two fluids inside the exchanger flow in the same direction, the motion flow is called
parallel flow and is called counterflow when two fluids flow in opposite directions. The heat exchanger is a steady flow process.
Hence, the mass flow rate of the heat exchanger is conserved.
The work done on the system is zero.

C: A system including the compressor, heat exchanger and electric motor
System C is the whole system that contains compressor, heat exchanger, and electric motor. The whole system is considered as 
a steady-flow state process where mass-flow rate is conserved.

D: Electric Motor
The electric motor converts electrical energy from electrical power source to belt driver in system A as a mechanical energy. 
The motor consists of two main parts, which are stationary stator and rotating rotor. The electrical power is generated by the 
rotation of the stator producing magnetic field and the rotor converting this energy into mechanical energy.
The work done of the system is positive.
